Improve reading experience (#476)
eps1lon/material-ui: docs/src/pages/components/tooltips/tooltips.md

## Accessibility

(WAI-ARIA: https://www.w3.org/TR/wai-aria-practices/#tooltip)

By default, the tooltip only labels its child element.

> This is notably different from `title` which can either label **or** describe its child depending on whether the child is already labeled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is notably different from `title` which can either label **or** describe its child depending on whether the child already has a label.
```

From https://github.com/eps1lon/material-ui/pull/476#issuecomment-699496395

(WAI-ARIA: https://www.w3.org/TR/wai-aria-practices/#tooltip)

By default, the tooltip only labels its child element.

> This is notably different from `title` which can either label **or** describe its child depending on whether the child is already labeled.

Author: en-US

Reviewer: Tricky. The corresponding aria attribute has a double-"l". Is a consistent language here more important than using the spelling consistent with the aria attribute? I wouldn't change this everywhere but when talking about a11y I would prefer `labelled` so that people don't accidentally write `aria-labeledby`.

Both are correct as far as I know. One is just preferred in the US.

/cc @mbrookes
